# Sovereign-Wealth-US
Economically Inclusive Models encourage the participation of local community labor through a holistic approach that includes skill development and the foundations of resource management which develops quality of life through wealth creation and the expansion of markets. Raw material is returned to the people in the form of new products. Throughout the course of human history, it has frequently become necessary for nations to dissolve and or restructure economic systems and adjust strategies which have proven to be ineffective in stimulating development, growth and economic prosperity as economies and times change technologically. When the policies are and continually becoming increasingly oppressive in nature and exist against the natural law and the psychology of human inspiration, and are only enforced through deception and the use of force by indoctrinated constituencies, they begin to separate people from their natural desires to achieve, thrive, and prosper.  Often economic development and social programs are implemented under the guise of prosperity only to be concealing the true intent of enslavement for the populace and a theft of resources. This is in defiance of the power of truth which is based on the laws of nature and of nature's right to full expression of humanity, which God entitles to all men and women. This deception is fraudulent and criminal in nature and is the equivalent of murder, for it robs humanity of its right to self-actualization, cognizant development and the realization of self-worth. The main principle behind the current economic agenda being implanted throughout the world in an effort to bring about a new economic world order, is a belief that the effective use of force and the stringent control of natural resources is the key to creating and maintaining economic power and further serves to manipulate markets by creating fictional gaps in supply and demand. This 'order out of chaos' model has been a standard for centuries. The problem is that it is based on the principles of suppression and oppression, which are implemented and maintained using force and highly supported with deception through disinformation, propaganda and oppressive operations aimed at reducing the natural expression of humanity, freedom,  and independence. This is a sign of fear and incompetence stemming from the conditioning of the past age of scarcity by those in power because it is inconsistent with natural law, which supports full expression as a means of achievement. Natural power relies on truth and does not require deception to be maintained. It stands on its own accord. Power encourages a population to achieve self-actualization and economic prosperity which is reflective of a strong middle class, economic and social growth as well as development. It is a natural spiritual expression in alignment with truth and does not require manipulation to be maintained. On the other hand, there is no positive natural expression for force as it is inherently weaker and short term, its goal is to hinder the natural power of the people from being fully expressed. This is a lower spiritual form of thought and achievement that is inherently inferior to just power and is only sustained through deceptive practices. It essentially further weakens its followers &amp; leaders and subsequently results in wide disparities of wealth and the elimination of the middle class that is necessary to maintain stability and economic growth, especially in a consumer based economy. The belief that people need to be largely suppressed is highly limiting to a society and ensures a lower expression of  associated economic achievement inhibiting humanities growth and development on all levels. More specifically it inhibits the development of free creative minds, their contributions of intellectual property and innovation. The irresponsible use of natural resources is equally discouraging. We are blessed with an abundance of agricultural land, potential energy sources from wind, solar, geothermal, wave &amp; or tidal power and vast basic materials such as cement, brick, wood, and rock that would easily address any structural and infrastructural needs. What is lacking is proper accounting and utilization of the vast natural resources readily available and the reliance on utilizing goods and services that could easily be provided in the local market rather than relying on imports. Years of war and internal conflict have created a gap in productive and practical knowledge in many regions of the world. This knowledge gap can be reconciled through the incorporation of trade schools that emphasize the reduction of imports through the utilization of what is natural to the region, while cognizant of unintended environmental consequences (such as those of using good farming topsoil for mud bricks). Building and architecturally designing structures as well as much needed infrastructure with the concept of maximum utilization of the natural resources native  to the region offering a common-sense solution to the vast imbalance of trade challenges in agriculture, materials, labor, management, and expertise. This would also allow for the use of mineral profits to be used to barter for higher goods that would enhance the quality of life rather than being allocated to provide for mere survival and resulting in continued dependence. The global economy although growing extensively in a number of sectors and regions is still oppressive in nature with significant barriers to entry and managed by an overburdened government and economic system that primarily operates to diminish the prospects of the peoples growth and focuses gains and bailouts on only a few elite. The means of gaining economic control through manipulative programing of the masses is essentially killing humanities best prospects for a shared prosperous future. It is equally discouraging to find education not matching the needs of the emerging technological environment. In regions, largely in a development mode, it is necessary to focus the majority of educational emphasis on developing trade schools that can instantly impact job growth and prosperity. Affecting positively these educational concerns in developing nations now, will yield significantly improved outcomes locally, regionally and beyond, further improving psychological perceptions globally.  The idea that people need to be controlled and oppressed through negative conditioning that simply thwarts achievement and ambitions is a system doomed to fail. Nothing can be achieved in the current economic system described except for chaos and the limited order maintained through fear, deception, propaganda and the manipulation of the herd or collective mentality / perception. As a result of these policies that have been implemented worldwide, we now have a world that is largely a police state and unaware of truth or its own power due to a constant flow of manipulative disinformation and propaganda. This is a grand reflection of the use of force, deception, and oppression and we see its expression in the deterioration of our economic systems and basic freedoms inherent from God.  Highlights The following demonstrates the financial projections of our five primary business models. Estimates do not take into account possibilities of above average returns with many investment options that we currently have at our disposal. 1. Logistics to include shipping, security, courier service and  inclusive A to B deployment of human and other resources or assets. 2. Financial to include international developmental finance, banking &amp; credit unions, insurance and brokerage of securities. 3. Commodities to include strategic minerals (rare earths), lumber, etc... 4. Consulting to include strategic government, intelligence, business and educational. 5. Investments to include unique platforms, vehicles, traditional models, land, infrastructure, research and development.  ECONOMIC STIMULUS PLAN The Economic Stimulus plan - build... Further expansion of and clarity continues to be encouraged and
